- She freaks me out.
- Who?
Witch lady.
You want to win so much,
there's a shortcut.
He's slipping!
Dreamtime stories are all about
evil spirits in the bush.
That's superstition.
- Viv...!
- What are you doing in my room?
- Your room?
- Get out, thief!
Everyone who knows us
has forgotten us.
There's an entire village
where all of the men thought their...
Had shrivelled away to nothing.
We really don't exist.
- Of course I remember the carving.
- I knew it.
But I didn't do that with you.
I was with my boyfriend Sammy.
- Open the door!
- What's that?
- There's something out there!
- I think it's some kind of evil spirit!
There's no such thing as ghosts!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Season 1, Episode 4
Synced by Stubbie & Reef
www.addic7ed.com
I can think of a dozen better ways
to fold these.
Don't mess with tradition.
At least not while she's looking.
- Sloppy.
- You'll never impress her.
- I've tried my whole life.
- You wait.
New improved design.
- Really? Come on!
- Do it how I teach you.
- All done, Nai-Nai.
- Oh, Vivien.
Your sister knows how important
Hungry Ghost festival is.
You all look so cute.
- Photo time.
- Photo!
Crazy boy!
- Just be normal.
- Normal?
I'm not the one making dinner
for a bunch of ghosts.
- You have problem with ghosts?
- No problem at all, Nai-Nai.
Just, there's no such thing.
There's no such thing as ghosts!
What was that?
A storm like this, could be anything.
- This is no storm!
- What do you mean?
There's something out there.
You saw it.
Well, maybe Andy was right.
Maybe it's just the wind.
This is so messed up!
Never thought I'd say this but
I'm kinda glad you guys are here.
If we do die,
I'm glad we had this.
- Had what?
- An adventure.
I just wanna go home.
I feel like I've been
dragged through a grand final.
You didn't sleep, Sam?
Between your snoring and that storm?
No chance.
It was no storm.
Oh, what do you suggest then, Felix?
Zombie apocalypse?
I think there might be forces
at play which we don't understand.
Andy.
Wait.
Guys, you might want to see this.
This isn't good.
Don't do that!
What's the big deal? Stuff gets
knocked around in a storm.
- Yeah, knocked around. Sure.
- It looks like trails or markings.
- Some kind of large animal.
- What's the biggest thing around here?
- Wombats, wallabies, drunk townies?
- The panther. From the bush.
- That explains the howling.
- Genius.
No, no, I've heard about those,
on the radio.
It must have used the storm as cover
and these must be drag marks.
Like a spirit force or something.
Felix, your brain's been fried
by all that heavy metal.
These are trail bike markings,
obviously.
Not everything in this world
has an easy explanation.
Show me anything,
I'll explain it to you.
- Us, here, now.
- I'm working on that.
- But I'll find an answer.
- I hate this.
My advice is to lay a system
of traps and alerts.
Do whatever you want, Bear Grylls.
I'm gonna find out what this means.
Was that supposed to be an insult?
I love Bear Grylls.
- I'll help.
- Really?
Don't get excited. I need something
to take my mind off how hungry I am.
We've got to find bait.
- By "bait" you mean food?
- Yes.
Anything that panther has,
I'm having too.
Actually, Jake, your digestive
systems are totally different.
- Felix.
- I'll see you later.
Felix!
Not a chance.
Felix, wait up. I'm coming too.
Sinewy meats like pig and boar
are the usual diet of Panthera onca.
- What?
- Pork. The panther will go for pork.
You know a lot of random facts,
don't you?
Excellent fact retention.
I'm in the top .01 percentile.
Anyway, you think I'm bad? You should
hear my dad. He's even better than me.
It's so weird how everything
is exactly like home, but it's not.
It's not just that
we've been forgotten.
There are whole new lives.
Oscar walking.
Sam and Sammy,
and your mum...?
Like a different version
of the same reality.
Oh, you idiot, Andy.
That's it!
- What now?
- Wormholes.
- OK...
- Quantum mechanics!
Matter can slip
between space and time.
It's just that in this case,
we're the matter,
slipping between infinite variations
of the same reality.
- That's the answer.
- Yeah, you lost me at "wormholes".
Why are you in such a hurry?
- You're starting to freak me out, Felix.
- There's something going on here.
And? What are we
gonna do about it?
Follow me.
My family's a well-oiled machine.
8:05 has always been the market run.
- Vivien! Get my purse!
- Yep, same in this reality.
Coming!
Wormhole weirdness.
We've got 25 minutes.
Hope my key still works.
- Give me a hand with this.
- Food first.
I didn't forget your purse!
You never asked me to get it!
Pervert!
Get away from me, you maniac!
You!
See? I told you.
He's stalking me!
- Oh, my God, I am not!
- What you want, crazy boy?
- That's kind of hard to explain.
- Mum, you OK?
- Oh, I feel horrible.
- Mum! Mum! L-let me.
First you break into our house and
now you break into our restaurant.
- You've got some explaining to do.
- It's not what it looks like.
Michael, maybe
we should call the police.
No police!
Stupid girl!
- I'm not stupid and I'm not a girl.
- You don't have to yell.
- I wasn't yelling!
- Respect my son!
- Don't bully my mum, Nai-Nai!
- Don't talk to your grandma like that!
Stop fighting!
What happened to all of you?
You really have no idea
who I am?
You don't feel any connection
to me at all?
No. Why don't you
help us understand?
How familiar are you with
Lorentzian traversable wormholes?
Where are we going?
I hope it's still here.
- We don't have any vampire books.
- I don't want vampire books.
My mistake.
Dude, she was that creepy woman
from the forest.
- Before we got lost, I saw her.
- And what was she doing?
She was watching us.
She keeps all the real magic stuff
hidden away.
Um, you used to have a book
back there.
Tapestry. Hand-bound.
Pretty old.
- How do you know?
- Any chance I could look at it?
No chance.
That's not kids' stuff.
- I know, the sealed section, right?
- Yes, "the sealed section".
- Sam.
- Hmm?
- Hey, hey, hey.
- I need a favour.
By wormhole,
I'm assuming that you mean
a hypothetical feature of space-time
that is basically a shortcut...
"Stick to the path."
"Or suffer what comes."
Hmh! Too late for that.
- Find what you were looking for?
- No.
Of course, Einstein-Rosen
bridges are controversial,
but I think it's the only way to
explain inter-dimensional slippage.
- Your physics makes sense.
- It's proven, in theory.
Large bodies of mass can move
between dimensional planes,
so why not
more than one body?
Firstly, wormholes would never exist long
enough to transfer a large body of mass,
and secondly
why am I even arguing with you?
- What is he on about, Michael?
- Spatial theory.
- He's delusional, Dad.
- I'm not! This is my life. Our life.
- I belong here.
- Maybe you ARE delusional.
You know, there once was
a whole village
who thought that their...
had disappeared.
- You told me that.
- Let's get you to your parents.
- They can decide...
- You ARE my parents!
That's my sister.
My Nai-Nai.
Dad, I know you like to sit in the shed
and do experiments with mass and time.
I know Mum's favourite food
is spaghetti bolognaise,
but she's too frightened
to tell Nai-Nai.
And Nai-Nai, I know you cry
because Dad never knew his father.
And there's lots more I know
because you're my family!
I'm your son!
Ah...! A ghost! The ghost
of the son you never had.
That doesn't even make sense!
- The grandson you never gave me.
- I've had enough.
Mum, enough. Nicole, call the
police. I'm putting a stop to this.
Run! Run! Run!
- Where'd you get that from?
- It was... on the shelf.
- No, it wasn't.
- I just...
- No.
- Can I just...
No. Adults only,
little scoundrel.
Well, then, do you have protective
amulets against evil spirits?
We don't use the 'evil' word
anymore. So judgemental.
What's the cheapest one you've got?
How cheap?
35c?
Great.
Not you again.
Hey, ah, just wait!
Wait.
I'm sorry about acting all nutso
crazy pants the other day.
That's not me.
Sorry, but all evidence
points to the contrary.
I just wanna speak to her
for a sec. Is that OK?
And I just wanna marry Robert Pattinson.
But you know that's as likely to happen.
No, it's OK.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah.
It's just...
You and I, I feel like...
I feel like we might have things
in common.
Forget it.
Come on. We have, like,
human beings to meet.
I was going to throw these out,
but you can have them.
Since when do protective charms
have use-by dates?
- Since they came from Korea.
- Will they work?
You tell me. Felix.
How did you
know my name?
- It's on your book.
- Oh.
- Are we done here?
- One minute.
The amulet picks you.
Thank you. Phoebe.
Wait, how did you know my name?
So what's the plan now?
- We still don't have any bait.
- We don't need bait.
So the panther's going to be lured
by tin cans, then.
It's an early alarm system.
So we're gonna put strings
around the entire forest?
If I have to.
Even if this thing works,
how do we know it's a panther
and not just a possum,
or something?
- Got you there, nerd.
- You know what?
Why don't you come up
with an answer?
Why don't you try to work things out
for once? I'm sick of it!
- Andy, I didn't mean to...
- Yes, you did!
Hey, Andy, stop. Please.
I was just being a pain.
I didn't mean to...
I don't know.
I'm sorry, alright?
Alright.
Hey... last one.
Thanks.
What's it say?
"Rise above any random insults."
Really?
Shall we keep going?
I'll help.
I think we should do something
a bit more useful. Come on.
They used to be so happy.
They used to like each other.
- This reality's horrible.
- For me it's the opposite.
- I've never seen my mum so happy.
- My own family called the police on me.
Are you going to give us a hand?
These beds are for all of us.
So what do we do
if we catch a panther?
- Feed it Felix?
- What's he doing now?
Jazz...? Ballet?
- This is heaps comfy.
- Oh, thanks, Sam.
Hey, I'm helping out.
I'm just testing it, OK?
Oh, I'm starving.
Come on.
Your granny was right.
We ARE like ghosts,
haunting our own home town.
Ghosts of boys
trapped in the wrong reality.
- Occam's Razor.
- What now?
The simplest explanation
is the most likely.
What if we didn't go through a wormhole?
What if we're unconscious?
- Lucid dreaming!
- Enough with the theories.
Where were we before
everything went haywire?
- In the forest...
- We might still be there right now.
- Unconscious.
- What?
Don't you think it's weird
that when we fell, no-one was hurt?
This is all a fantasy.
A final attempt by our neural
transmitters to cling on to life.
We have to wake ourselves
or we'll starve to death.
- You're an idiot.
- I'm an idiot? Watch this!
That's some pretty conclusive
evidence.
Go easy on him.
He's had a hard day.
It has to be something
that will really shock us.
I think we'd better follow him.
Where are you going, you nutjob?
Something high. Or fast.
A train, that'll do it.
But the train hasn't run in years!
But the school bus runs every day.
Oh, no.
Catch a train, huh?
Come on, losers!
Come on, Andy. You can do it.
No fear.
- Get off him, Trent!
- That's it, Mike!
Trent, I said get off him!
Right, that's it, Trent.
You're in trouble!
Hey, watch out!
Look out!
- Are you alright?
- What happened?
Are you hurt?
You just saved my life.
- What the hell were you doing, son?
- You almost hit her.
Come on.
- Bye.
- Bye...
Sweetheart, are you alright?
Who are those boys...?
Hey! Oscar!
Before you appeared,
I was number four
on Trent's and Dylan's bully list
and now I'm at two.
You were with the guy from the bus.
He saved my life.
Are you Andy?
My mission was to deliver this.
I've never been admired before.
Hello, Bremin.
Prepare to fall in love with me.
It was him.
Break and enter
at Bremin High last weekend.
- You know anything about that?
- No.
If you make that, you can keep
the board you stole off me.
- Things like this keep happening.
- Oscar, we have to go inside.
Elemental attacks.
This is very special.
What's he doing here?
I know that you're aliens and
there's a swarm of killer alien bees
right outside that door.
Synced by Stubbie & Reef
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org